PORT-13068 Add docs for custom github app (#2158)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github/custom-github-app.md

There are two primary ways to connect Port to your GitHub repositories:

1. **Port's official GitHub app** - The simplest option for most users
2. **Custom GitHub App** - For advanced use cases, self-hosted GitHub installations, or to connect a GitHub organization where the GitHub app is already installed to another Port organization

This guide covers the Custom GitHub App approach.

## Benefits of Custom GitHub Apps

- **Workspace Isolation**: Each team can have their own GitHub App with specific repository access
- **Enhanced Security**: Better permission boundaries between different teams and projects
- **Multi-Organization Support**: Same GitHub organizations can be integrated with multiple Port organizations
- **Self-Hosted Support**: Works with both cloud and self-hosted GitHub Enterprise instances
- **Custom Configuration**: Create tailored integration setups for specific use cases

## Create a Custom GitHub App

Use the form below to create your own GitHub App and connect it to Port:

> <GithubAppCreator />

Author: the bearer ey implies what should be the input

Port provides the following API endpoints for Custom GitHub App creation:

| Endpoint | Method | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `/v1/integration/github-app-creation-url` | GET | Gets the GitHub App creation URL and manifest |

Query parameters:
- `isSelfHostedEnterprise` (boolean): Whether the GitHub instance is Self-Hosted Enterprise
- `githubOrgName` (string, optional): Name of the GitHub organization
- `selfHostedEnterpriseUrl` (string, optional): GitHub Enterprise host URL

</details>

## Using with Self-Hosted GitHub Enterprise

For self-hosted GitHub Enterprise instances, additional configuration is required:

1. Select "Enterprise" option in the form above
2. Provide your GitHub Enterprise host URL (e.g., `github.company.com`)
3. Your GitHub Enterprise instance must be able to reach Port's self hosted github app webhook endpoints

## Limitations

- Custom GitHub Apps must have all the required permissions to function properly
- You cannot modify the permissions after creation (you would need to create a new app)
- For secure credential management, Port does not expose the raw credential values after initial creation

## Troubleshooting

> If you encounter issues with your Custom GitHub App:
> 
> 1. **Webhook Connection Issues**
>    - Verify the webhook URL is correctly configured in the GitHub App settings
>    - Check that your GitHub instance can reach Port's webhook endpoints
>    - Review webhook delivery logs in GitHub for any failed delivery attempts
> 
> 2. **Permission Problems**
>    - Ensure the app has been granted all the necessary permissions
>    - Check that the app is installed on the repositories you want to monitor
>    - Verify that the correct repository events are selected
> 
> 3. **Authentication Errors**
>    - Ensure your Port token is valid and has not expired
>    - Verify that the app has not been uninstalled or modified in GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter issues with your custom GitHub app, try the following:

- **Webhook Connection Issues**
   - Verify the webhook URL is correctly configured in the GitHub App settings
   - Check that your GitHub instance can reach Port's webhook endpoints
   - Review webhook delivery logs in GitHub for any failed delivery attempts

- **Permission Problems**
   - Ensure the app has been granted all the necessary permissions
   - Check that the app is installed on the repositories you want to monitor
   - Verify that the correct repository events are selected

- **Authentication Errors**
   - Ensure your Port token is valid and has not expired
   - Verify that the app has not been uninstalled or modified in GitHub
```
